Project Overview.md, before:

Project Proposal:
We are building an app called CodeMaster. The purpose of this app is to organize and store quizzes for technical interview questions. The user will be able to view/search for quizzes, create new quizzes, update quizzes, and remove quizzes.


Features:
- Quizzes for Python, HTML, CSS, Javascript?
- Have a base JSON file of quizes
- 5 questions each for the starter quizzes
- Create a quiz (Subject, Questions, Answers)
- View quizzes (View all, Search?)
- Update quizzes (Add, Modify, and, Delete  Questions/Answers)
- Delete Quizzes


Additional features/ideads:
- Have a flash cards feature
- Be able to take quizzes and view score
- If taking a quiz feature is built out, allow the user to type in the answer and check if answer is correct
- Multiple choice questions
- Have a random quiz generated based on current available quizzes


Responsiblities:
Ryan - Create one starter quiz, Presentation,
Kariel - Create one starter quiz(Javascript or HTML/CSS),
Devin - Create one starter quiz, **Not any heavy CSS**

Commit message:

Added Python questions to Overview

Project Overview.md, after:

Project Proposal:
We are building an app called CodeMaster. The purpose of this app is to organize and store quizzes for technical interview questions. The user will be able to view/search for quizzes, create new quizzes, update quizzes, and remove quizzes.


Features:
- Quizzes for Python, HTML, CSS, Javascript?
- Have a base JSON file of quizes
- 5 questions each for the starter quizzes
- Create a quiz (Subject, Questions, Answers)
- View quizzes (View all, Search?)
- Update quizzes (Add, Modify, and, Delete  Questions/Answers)
- Delete Quizzes


Additional features/ideads:
- Have a flash cards feature
- Be able to take quizzes and view score
- If taking a quiz feature is built out, allow the user to type in the answer and check if answer is correct
- Multiple choice questions
- Have a random quiz generated based on current available quizzes


Responsiblities:
Ryan - Create one starter quiz, Presentation,
Kariel - Create one starter quiz(Javascript or HTML/CSS),
Devin - Create one starter quiz, **Not any heavy CSS**













Questions List:

Python:
- How do you define a function in Python? - def
- How do you create a list in Python? - []
- How do you comment a single line in Python? - #
- How do you create a multi-line string in Python? - Triple-quotes
- How do you convert an integer to a string in Python? - str()
